<h1>Faction Social Lounges</h1>
<p>
Faction Social Lounges is our second tier social connection which is apart of the heart and soul of monoGames and just like <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Lounge-monoSol-">monoGames Social Lounge (monoSol)</a> - we feel this will be the next big movement in a gamers user experience to connect, share and grow with loyal and like minded <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Factions">Faction</a> community members. We want different <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Factions">Faction</a> to be able to have an exclusive place to meet up as well in the many different ways we can in our normal life. We also want to bring in a new era of land packages which gives you opportunity to own limited addition lounge rooms to create unique gameing experiences which could inclde hosting a faction team, a games room where you can chill with other players, conference room for promoting your ideas or Faction, a virtual restaurant, movies room, party room, shop, etc. These rooms will be able to be decked out with special in game nft's created by the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-NFT-Creative-Art-Community">monoGames NFT Creative Art Community</a>. We also want to create Partnership Lounge Rooms within the Faction which connects with other platforms to grow our game too.
  
We understand that not all players are good at battling within the game so we want social players to earn while participating in our Quests to help maintain and grow our game. Social players will be rewarded by completing Daily Quests, Social Quests, Gaming Quests, Interactive Sustainable Quests, Interactive Social Quests and Referal Quests where players can earn in game currency and special nft's for completing these tasks. Social players will more than likely own a limited addition lounge room in <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Lounge-monoSol-">monoGames Social Lounge (monoSol)</a> and/or in the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Faction-Social-Lounges">Faction Social Lounge</a> so they can attract and converse with players by offering a unique experience. Limited addition lounge room will have special in game nft's created by the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-NFT-Creative-Art-Community">monoGames NFT Creative Art Community</a> which you can place in your room. You can earn by placing these special nft's in your limited addition lounge room but the main earning method is the amount of people in your limited addition lounge room. We want owners to really think about creating a unique experience for gamers to be entertained in their limited addition lounge room. We want to significantly reward the owners with large community's within their limited additiion lounge room for their effort in helping to create an atmosphere for players to communicate, enjoy and grow our game.
  
We also understand investors want to earn not necessarily battle or be social but just want to invest in monoGames so we have a sustainable investor package where investors can stake large amounts of tokens (monoGames, nftcryptomix and 12 developer tokens) for daily rewards issued in the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Tokenomics">Tokenomics</a> of the game, nft packs, land packages, all nft's at max level and special privalages. Again were more than a battling game, were also a social game and we have pathways for investors to earn and their investment goes back in to the community to help reward and grow our gaming community because we want to provide community experiences and friendships in a sustainable gaming ecosystem with our ever evolving community".
</p>
